Hi, I'm Kathy Keller. Each year when we get to Thanksgiving, we pause to recognize all the ways God has been so gracious
In his provision.
Both for our basic physical needs
And for the ways that he provides for us spiritually to give us joy
hope and renewal through his son Jesus Christ.
Thanksgiving has the potential to become rote or generic if we don't put our focus on God and his goodness.
I want to encourage you to use the day as an opportunity to meditate on his word and the direction it gives us to see God and all he is, our strength and our strength.
Strength and shield.
Helper
our refuge, our savior and friend. And I know I'm going to be just as much as
You are up to my ears and stuffing and mashed potatoes and guests and everything, but just go lock yourself in the bathroom for five minutes for heaven's sakes and be thankful.
Oh.
Or something.
Listen to these words from Psalm 28, verses 6 and 7.
Blessed be the Lord.
For he has heard the voice of my pleas for mercy.
"The Lord is my strength and my shield. In Him my heart trusts."
And I am helped and my heart exalts.
And with my song, I give thanks to him.
These verses are a powerful reminder of all we have because Jesus loved us so much.
That he gave his life for us.
I encourage you to think of all the ways God provides for you.
And I trust that God's Spirit will generate joy, praise, and thanksgiving.
It comes from focusing on his amazing love.
Please join us as we give thanks for all God is doing and for all he's done through gospel and life this past year.
We're so grateful for the encouragement we get from the messages we receive, telling us how God is bringing people to trust God through you and through this ministry.
Ministry.
So it's not merely a throwaway kind of statement when I say we have so much to be thankful for this year.
We really do.
Now I want to note just a few things our team here at Gospel and Life gives thanks for in 2025.
For the more than 214,000 people who receive our quarterly journal and emails.
for the millions of people who listen to our podcast around the world.
For the thousands of people who shared one of our resources with someone.
And for the 284,000 downloads of the Questioning Christianity podcast by people exploring or sharing the gospel.
Gospel.
On behalf of everyone here at Gospel and Life, we also give thanks to God for you.
For your prayers, your gifts, and how you're missionally sharing our content,
With those in your life.
Thank you for your partnership as together we endeavor to reach others
with a message of Christ's love.
thanks be to god he's changed everything through christ.
Have a joyful Thanksgiving.